another question on my Facebook fan page
the address here on my channel now this
young lady wants to go natural but
everybody is telling her well if you
want to go natural you're going to have
to cut off all your hair I mean her hair
stylist or friends everybody's telling
her is it so of course she's all against
it nope no one to do it you do not have
to big chop if you want to go natural
what you do need to know is the fact
that your natural hair that is growing
in is stronger than your relaxed hair
this line where they meet is called the
line of demarcation been lying right
there in the middle the hair tends to
break why well the relaxed here is
weaker than the natural hair the relaxer
has been processed it's older it has
been through more manipulation and
things like that so the hair strand
itself is weaker then the natural hair
that is a newer unprocessed there's no
chemical breakdown of it so right there
were those two meet is where lots of
people have their issues with goalie
natural so my suggestion to you is to
use more protein oriented products you
want to give your hair as much strength
as possible so you do your protein deep
conditioners you tend to lean towards
products that have more protein in them
one product line that I definitely was
the judge would be a fatty allergy has
products that are amazing for protein um
they got the grantee restructure Iser
they have protein conditioner shampoos
and conditioners they have the hard core
protein treatment that will strengthen
your entire hair strand so but also with
after G products or protein oriental
products you want to make sure you're
using moisturizing products as well
because too much protein breakage too
much moisture eyes too much moisturizing
products breakage you want to have a
balance of the two
products also in addition to using more
protein oriented products you want to
try to use protective hair styling as
much as possible not only will
protective hair styling grow your hair
faster or help your hair grow to the
maximum length every month it will also
help you with those two different hair
textures I myself went having the
relaxed hair and the natural hair during
my transitions I use only protective
hair styling mostly because my 4c hair
for me here was very much so different
from my relaxed hair then on top of that
are relaxed here was very damaged so you
have healthy relaxed hair then it's use
more of an easier transition in going
natural
know that if you are going to go natural
without doing the big chop you still
need to do as much research as possible
so below oils I will list some websites
are great for beginners some of the
places that I started when I really
wanted to know how to grow my natural
hair and i still have relaxed hair you
want to make sure you really know what
you're doing because trust me that hair
texture whatever hair texture you have
whether you're three and three are the
floors whatever texture that's growing
in is going to be very different from
your relaxed hair tips any more
questions it can be more comment
anything like that i'll definitely
address them in the comment section via
email or through another video thanks so
much for watching and I'll see you guys
later
you